what's up everybody this your barkay
right back at you again what i'm gonna
do today is I'm gonna prepare a barbecue
meat level supreme style pizza just got
some stuff left over that I barbecued or
recently some chicken smoked chicken
like white n dog meat got a couple of
type of sausages over here some homemade
beef links and some regular store-bought
jalapeno
sausages that I smoked and over here I
have some some beef brisket that I
smoked we use those meats combination of
each for the pizza I got some veggies
over here that I'm gonna use sliced
jalapenos some diced red bell pepper and
some yellow onions the cheese that I
used is Italian blend it's about five or
six different types of Italian cheeses
in there so should come out pretty good
I'm gonna use this store-bought pizza
crust think it'll come out okay
you know I didn't have a chance to to
get a recipe to do one from scratch and
I want to go ahead and get this done
while I'm I'm eating everything is still
you know good and fresh so I'm gonna
check that out
see what happens with it and also what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna bake this in
the oven I'm not gonna put it on the
grill because I'm really not prepared to
cook on the grill a pizza on the grill
yet you know I don't have my piece of
stone and
you know if the the pitch that I have
come up to temp to put the pizzas he's
easily so you know it's my first time
doing it I'm more than sure that I'll be
doing some more in the future and you
know I can step it up a little bit more
than but what I'm gonna do was just you
know do it this way and see see how it
comes up and also I'm gonna be using
barbecue sauce for my sauce instead of a
piece of sauce so let me get this build
this up get ready to build this up and I
will get back what you are shortly later
alright everybody I'm back what I'm
gonna do is just lay down this barbecue
sauce on here first
so I want to get real nice barbecue
flavor on this pizza all the way around
and that's just some sauce I made myself
pretty good put on his pizza put on a
nice liberal amount of me excuse me I'll
cheese nice liberal amount of cheese
stack it up real good add all my chicken
thief
stack sausage up real nice and good on
come back to hit it with the pages
you would look at myself
there's no cheese on top all right
that's it time for the other I'm just
going by the instructions that's on the
pop crust
I mean piece of cross packet which is
for 25 8 to 10 minutes so pop it in now
see what we got
when you come out later right everybody
I'm back and got this bad white the oven
looking pretty good pile real nice and
high some good colors on it what I did
in the oven I just put it on the rack in
the oven I didn't put it on the cookie
sheet of anything so getting ready to
dig in
a few minutes you some good lunch for me
today
of course I'm Michelle with everybody
else around me but man can't wait to dig
into this thing so I appreciate
everybody a time dropping by to check
out my video and appreciate everybody
that's been commenting you know liking
my videos and of course to just
subscribe so I'm just keep on trying to
do my thing and learn you know from
other people I've been checking out a
lot of other people videos and I got
some good stuff have some good ideas and
sharing with me so just try to get it
done see y'all later
you